= Knife OracleVM

= DESCRIPTION:

This is an Opscode Knife plugin to interact with Oracle's OracleVM. 

= INSTALLATION:

    gem install knife-oraclevm

= CONFIGURATION:

This plugin only communicates with the OracleVM Manager via the documented CLI. Only named user authentication via SSH keys is supported.  You can add the credentials to your <tt>knife.rb</tt> file:

    knife[:ovmmgr_host] = "oraclevmmgr-hostname"
    knife[:ovmmgr_user] = "privileged username"        # defaults to admin
    knife[:ovmmgr_pass] = "your password"

Credentials can also be specified on the command line for multiple oraclevm manager servers

= SUBCOMMANDS:

This plugin provides the following Knife subcommands.  Specific command options can be found by invoking the subcommand with a <tt>--help</tt> flag

== knife oraclevm vm state <vmname> <options>

    Change the operational state of a VM

    <vmname> is the name of the virtual machine you wish to display or alter the power state on.
    -s,  --state <on|off|suspend|resume|reset>   Alter the power state of the virtual machine to the state specified    
    
    If -s,  --state is not specified the current power state is displayed

== knife oraclevm vm list <vmname>

    List VM's or if <vmname> specified list the details of that specific vm

== knife oraclevm vm delete <vmname> 

    Delete the specified VM

    <vmname> is the name of the virtual machine you wish to delete

== knife oraclevm serverpool list <poolname>

    List Serverpool's or if <poolname> specified list the details of that specific serverpool

= LICENSE:

Authors:: Geoff O'Callaghan <geoffocallaghan@gmail.com>

Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2013 Geoff O'Callaghan

Oracle is a trademarks of Oracle, Inc.

License:: Apache License, Version 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
